feature: sequential combos (#1247)
JohannesKlauss/react-hotkeys-hook: packages/documentation/docs/documentation/useHotkeys/basic-usage.mdx

globally if we don't use its return value.
:::

***

## Sequential Hotkeys

> We can also listen to keystrokes in a sequential way. This means that the user has to press the keys in the order we specify. To specify a sequential hotkey, we use the `>` character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also listen to keystrokes sequentially, meaning that the user has to press keys in a specific order before invoking the callback. To specify a sequential hotkey, we use the `>` character.
```

```jsx live
function ExampleComponent() {
  const [count, setCount] = useState(0)
  useHotkeys('g>h>i', () => setCount(prevCount => prevCount + 1))

  return (
    <span>Received the combination {count} times.</span>
  )
}
```

> In the example above, the user has to press the `g` key, then the `h` key and then the `i` key in order to trigger the callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the user has to press the `g` key, then the `h` key and finally the `i` key in order to trigger the callback.
```

#### Timeout

> The default timeout for the sequential hotkey is `1000ms`. If the user doesn't press the next key in time, the sequence is aborted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useHotykes` sets a default time window for the sequential hotkey of `1000ms` to prevent listening for incomplete sequences indefinitely. If the user doesn't press the next key in that given time, the sequence is aborted.
```
